Now which you stored procedure you will find that you can execute it without going into it.
So I'm just in a closed room here and I can right click and here there is an option to exit keester
procedure Silis click that and see what happens.
It brings up a window and we're able to click OK here.
So once we click OK what happens is the contents of the surplusage of the body of the stored procedure
is executed and our table is selected.
And then there's this return value because some stored procedures return values and by executing it
that way you can also see what the return value is.
This functionality is the proper way I guess to use stored procedures or the more advanced way of using
stored procedures in Asgill and it's designed for people who use a skill on a daily basis or for looking
after databases and for creating a certain process things like that it's not actually designed for that
assigns work as data scientists.
The main advantage of stored procedures for us is that it saves our code.
So by executing it like this we actually don't see what we're executing.
We don't have that benefit of having the code in front of our eyes.
So we're not going to exec is stored procedures like that only in some cases when we have for instance
aggregated stored procedures but that is a bit more of an advanced topic and we don't need that right
now.
What we are going to do with this type of procedures we're going to every time when we want to run it
when we want to perform the task that it performs for instance this stored procedure creates a will
it will once we've set it up correctly it will create a working table from this table.
So every time we want to run it we're going to open it click modify it and not for the intent of modifying
it per se but for the intent of running it so then we know that the main code in the procedure is located
in the body.
So over here so every time we open it up which is going to highlight the code that we want to run and
then will click execute.
And that way we will get the result over here.
So if it does create something like another table and then populates the table and so so that will happen
once you select this code and you run it once again the main advantage of stored procedures for us is
not that you can set it up and then it every time I interrupted you just right click and run.
The main advantage of stored procedures for data science is the fact that you can type in your code
between Begin and End and your code will be saved and you will be able to view it modify it rerun it
whenever you need.
So it's a storage facility for us for our code for the results of our work.
So that's how we're going to be using stored procedures going forward